City Lord Song, I can see it
Today you don't care what the truth is
The real evidence is there
There's no need to pursue it.
One sword stunned official
I won't let you succeed.
City Lord Enguan Song is the original owner of the mountain
strategize
In fact, your little bodyguard can guess
City Lord Song
My father would never have been a traitor with the enemy
My Gao family has been fierce for generations
Never treason with the enemy
Hum Zhongdi
Your father colluded with the grass forest
You have a ninja next to you
You dog thieves deserve to talk about loyalty and inferiority
Liao Fan is not a ninja
I'm not a policewoman in the grass forest
I do not confess this sinner
Humph
I didn't expect your mouth to be so hard
The old man will accompany you to have fun
People will know everything under fear
Gao Xiaoyun
What do you think of this city lord's dart aim?
Song Tianbao, how dare you
If you dare to steal a hair from Gao Xiaoyun today
You can't wear the black gauze hat on your head
It seems that things are not easy
You two have been in love for a long time, right?
Well, maybe these two dog thieves
There will be a bunch of little ninjas in the future
Continue to scourge me prawns
Today we will kill in advance
Good sword betting
Who stipulates that darts must be used for sword betting?
I didn't expect such a ridiculous death